 3d Life Strategies Workbook Response:
Mind • Body • Spirit Workbook Submission
=======================================
🛸 Introduction
----------------------------------------
Intro Q1: General- Please provide your Survey Id:
Answer: 20260329_BETA_0022
Intro Q2: Family- Please provide your general personal state. ie. sex, married
state. ie. I'm a (single|married|married and kids) female and any other helpful
domestic/living conditions.
Answer: I’m a married female with one child
Intro Q3: Work- Please summarize your career and/or current work life.
Answer: I am a pediatric nurse practitioner and I work in the quality department
in the NICU as a surgical and patient safety liaison.
Intro Q4: The Backstory - Where are you at in life today and what were the major
turning points that got you here?
Answer: I am a first time mother to a 4 month old and newer in my career with
quality. I worked in the nicu as an RN for 5 years while obtaining my masters in
nursing. Then I worked in primary care pediatric setting for 4 years. I wanted a
more stable and flexible job wit starting a family. I love the work I am doing
now.
Intro Q5: The Narrative - On a scale of 1-5, how 'in sync' do you feel your
Body, Mind, and Spirit are currently?
Answer: 3
Intro Q6: Current Trajectory Looking at your current habits and values, where do
you feel your "destiny" is currently heading?
Answer: I value hard work while maintaining my core values and beliefs. Staying
true to myself while being empathetic as i take on new roles. I hope to learn
more about myself in this new role at work while learning my role as a wife and
a mother.
Intro Q7: Personal Attributes If you haven't, please take the Personality
Assessment test and fill in the numbers it provides at the end for the 5
characteristics. These can be copied and pasted below.
Answer: [no answer]
🏃 Chapter 1: Body (Physical)
----------------------------------------
Question 1
Answer: I was very athletic and enjoyed sports, work outs and running. I
recently had a c section and haven’t worked out in 4 months. My goal is to start
to work my way up to running again
Body Q2: Fitness Habits - Describe your current level of regular fitness and
exercise. What activities do you enjoy most?
Answer: I enjoy long walks but would like to get back into running. I have
completed a half marathon prior to pregnancy and would run 3-4 times a week. I
love playing soccer, volleyball and pickleball.
Body Q3: Nutritional Fuel - How would you describe your current eating habits
and nutrition? Are you fueling your body for high performance? Do you understand
the importance of a balanced plate with a proper mix of protein, veggies, and
carbs?
Answer: I would say I am eating excess calories while breastfeeding but I try to
keep a balanced meal but I am eatig more often and crave sweets. I would like to
cut down on sweets.
Body Q4: Body Care & Maintenance - Do you have a proactive plan for medical care
and healthcare coverage? Are there specific areas (e.g., weight, heart
health/hearth) that need attention?
Answer: Yes, I get yearly physicals and everything is within normal limits
including weight
Body Q5: Recovery & Sleep - How well are you managing rest, recovery, and sleep?
What prevents you from getting the rest you need?
Answer: I am good at prioritizing sleep but not since having a baby. We are
struggling with sleeping. I maybe get 5 hours a night but it’s all interrupted
sleep.
Body Q6: Mental-Physical Link - How does your current physical state affect your
mood or energy for spiritual and mental tasks?
Answer: I am still pretty positive person with lack of sleep but I forget what
it feels like to sleep 6-8 hours uninterrupted. I feel I could think more clear
and have better patience if I could.
Body Q7: Body-Physical Understanding - Are there any topics or problems related
with your current health or fitness you would like to learn more about?
Note: This doesn’t have to be complex, just some quick learning to help you !
Ie.
How do carbs affect my weight ? Provide a healthy example diet.
How can I know if my headaches are due to mental vs. physical stress and how to
fix?
What are the best types of cardio I can do other than walking 1 mile?
Answer: What is the best/safest way to get back into running?
Question 8
Answer: 2
🧠 Chapter 2: Mind (Logical/Practical)
----------------------------------------
Mind Q1: Learning History - Looking back at your school years or early training,
did you feel you "started on top" (learning came easily), or were you
consistently challenged in your learning? How has that shaped your confidence
today?
Answer: I was constantly challenged and never understood why until I was
diagnosed with ADHD in my late 20s. Learning how to adapt to my weaknesses and
overcome those challenges made me more confident and now I do not struggle as
often and I am successful. I never thought I would have a masters degree with
how much I struggled academically growing up.
Mind Q2: Career & Education - List your primary formal education
(degrees/certifications) and your current career status. Does your current work
align with your natural talents?
Answer: ASN, BSN, MSN and CPNP-PC
Pediatric Nurse Practitioner
Yes I am very social and work for a big hospital group and get to help educate,
teach and be involved in quality improvement projects with collaborative
approach between specialties
Mind Q3: Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities (KSA) - What are your top three
professional or practical skills? (e.g., technical expertise, communication,
leadership, etc.) ie. Learn more about KSAs
Answer: Communication, supportive and task oriented
Mind Q4: Life Logistics - How would you describe your current "Foundational
Logistics"?
Briefly describe any gaps in:
     Living Arrangements: (Home/Housing stability)
     Transportation: (Reliability of auto/transit)
     Legal & Financial: (Budgeting, debt, legal readiness)
Answer: Stability home with my husband and child. Budget well with savings
Mind Q5: Time & Organization - How effectively do you manage your time? Are
there specific areas in your life that you feel most challenged?
Answer: I feel most challenged to find “me” time at the end of the day while
giving myself to others at work and home.
Mind Q6: Lifelong Learning Roadmap - How do you prefer to "consume" new
information? (e.g., "Snacks" like podcasts/AI chat vs. "3-Course Meals" like
books/seminars). What is one area you want to learn more about this year?
Answer: I prefer in person, hands on education. I enjoy podcasts snd I do use AI
to ask questions to help breakdown information I am curious about.
Mind Q7: Family & Support - If applicable, how are you managing childcare or
family responsibilities? Does this area feel like a source of stress or a
well-oiled machine?
Answer: I am managing but also trying to figure it out all since it is new. I do
feel like I put myself last so finding time to put myself first can be
challenging.
Mind Q8: Mind-Learning - Is there something you would like to learn that you
have not had the time, knowledge or skill to pursue ?
Ie.
- How can I learn to better use software management tools to keep our projects
on track?
- What is the best way to learn which “ChatBot” would be best for me as a CEO?
- I am currently in charge of HR and feel there is a lot going on in AI Employee
education that I don’t understand and am not sure where to start.
- I’m studying for my XYZ Certification, how can I prepare for that?
Or more specific:
- "I’m sitting for the PMP (Project Management Professional) exam in six weeks.
How can you help me create a structured study plan that covers the PMBOK Guide?
Answer: I am wishing I could have my pre pregnancy brain back. I am struggling
with not having my normal vocabulary, spelling, communication skills and memory.
I am not as sharp as I used to be. I am currently working on being purposeful
and slowing down so I can articulate well.
Mind Q9: General Mind Growth - Do "a self-assessment" and on a 1-5 scale, where
do you feel you currently are at and where do you want to be ?
ie. For currently "Need Lots of Work", but want to be "No Improvement Needed":
Enter: 1,5
   1-Need Lots of work ... 5-No Improvement needed
Answer: 3
✨ Chapter 3: Spirit (Contentment)
----------------------------------------
Spirit Q1: Spiritual History - Describe the history of your spiritual journey.
What were the significant milestones or shifts in your belief system over the
years?
Answer: I have always believed in god and my faith but I do not attend church
regularly. It was more of a chore growing up. I am learning by to find my way in
my faith again as an adult.
Spirit Q2: Faith & Belief System - Describe your current faith or belief system,
if you have one? You can also include any religion and/or denomination. What are
the core values that anchor your daily decisions?
NOTE: It can be more than one for part 2
For Example on part 2, here are some core values to help you:
     Spirituality: Faith, Inner Peace, Mindfulness, Connection.
     Character: Integrity, Courage, Honesty, Humility.
     Relational: Compassion, Service, Loyalty, Forgiveness.
     Growth: Curiosity, Discipline, Wisdom, Resilience.
Answer: I try to keep my core values at practicing honesty, peace, courage,
trusting and mindful. I am currently attending non denominational churches
Spirit Q3: Fellowship & Friendships - Do you have a "tribe" or community of peer
support? Describe the quality of your current friendships and how often you
engage in meaningful fellowship.
Answer: I have many friends who practice with all different belief systems and
are always willing to teach and share
Spirit Q4: Personal & Family Relationships - How is the "inner circle" of your
life? Describe the current state of your family relationships and any areas
where you seek more harmony.
Answer: I come from a divorced family where their communication style has not
changed nor have they put in the work to change. I have worked on myself to
change and practice ways to seek harmony.
Spirit Q5: Finding Your Place (Paul or Timothy) - In your current season, do you
feel more like a "Paul" (mentoring and leading others) or a "Timothy" (seeking
guidance and being mentored)? Who are the specific people filling these roles in
your life?
Answer: I feel I am Timothy in my role as a mother and Paul in my role at work
Spirit Q6: Service & Contribution - Are you currently volunteering or helping
others? How does serving others impact your own sense of contentment?
Answer: I am currently not doing this. I find I barely have time to brush my
teeth or sit down working full time and taking care of my child/home.
Spirit Q7: Recreation & Hobbies - What activities bring you pure joy and "refill
your tank"? Are you making regular time for these recreation or "re-creation"
activities?
Answer: I love social gatherings and the outdoors
Spirit Q8: Mental & Emotional Health - How would you rate your current emotional
health (stress levels, anxiety, or feelings of loneliness)? What is your primary
source of stress right now?
Answer: Primary source of stress is my father In law being very ill and
navigating how to support my husband while learning to care for a child.
Spirit Q9: Vision & Future Goals - Thinking about your past, present, and
future: What is your vision for your spiritual life? If you could "Remember,
Review, Rethink, and Plan," what is the one big dream you want to pursue?
Answer: I would love to find a great church and network that we can establish
with near our house.
Spirit Q10: Spiritual-Development - Is there some spiritual development topic
you would like to understand better but it feels like hard to get started ?
Examples:
- It seems sometimes I am not fully present when my spouse starts talking about
work problems. What can I do to be more attentive?
- I’ve never really understood the book of Revelations and how that really
applies to me today?
Answer: I would love to learn work/life balance while still finding time with my
husband and being present
Enter one or more of the topics from above in the box below:
Answer: Envy/ jealous
Rejection
Spirit Q12: Mental & Emotional Health -General Spiritual Development - Do "a
self-assessment" and on a 1-5 scale, where are you and where do you want to be ?
ie. For currently "Need Lots of Work", but want to be "No Improvement Needed":
Enter: 1,5
   1-Need Lots of work ... 5-No Improvement needed
Answer: 2
🏁 Chapter 4: Summary & Action
----------------------------------------
Sum Q1: Holistic Reflection - Now that you have reviewed your current state,
which of the three dimensions (Body, Mind, or Spirit) do you feel is your
strongest area right now? Which is currently the most challenged?
Answer: Body
Sum Q2: Short-Term Priorities - What are 1-2 immediate changes you want to make
in the next 30 days to build momentum?
Answer: Start working out and finding time for myself again
Sum Q3: Long-Term Vision It’s okay to dream big! If there were no obstacles,
where would you like to see yourself in each of the three dimensions 12 months
from today?
Answer: Running a 5k, joining a church, and finding balance
Sum Q4: The S.M.A.R.T. Target - Choose one major goal. Ensure it is Specific,
Measurable, Attainable, Relevant, and Time-bound. Write it out here.
Answer: Getting back into workin out, being about to run a mile by 1 month and
seeing changes in my body by 6 months
Sum Q5: Support & Accountability - Do you have an accountability partner or
coach in your life you can work on development of these goals ? If not, do you
think this could help you ?
Answer: I do not
Email sent via EmailJS.com [https://www.emailjs.com?src=email-footer]
